com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/ItemPhotoBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.ItemPhotoBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_myphotoloaderapp_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_myphotoloaderapp_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_myphotoloaderapp_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_myphotoloaderapp_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/data/PhotoRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.data.PhotoRepository_Factory
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/Hilt_MyApp.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.Hilt_MyApp
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.Hilt_MyApp$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_myphotoloaderapp_UI_gallery_GalleryFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_myphotoloaderapp_UI_gallery_GalleryFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_myphotoloaderapp_UI_gallery_GalleryViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_myphotoloaderapp_UI_gallery_GalleryViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/di/AppModule_ProvideApiFactory.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.di.AppModule_ProvideApiFactory
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/UI/gallery/GalleryViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.UI.gallery.GalleryViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/MyApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/MyApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MyApp_GeneratedInjector
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/FooterPhotoLoadStateBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.FooterPhotoLoadStateBinding
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/UI/gallery/GalleryViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.UI.gallery.GalleryViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.BuildConfig
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/UI/gallery/GalleryViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.UI.gallery.GalleryViewModel_HiltModule
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.DaggerMyApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_myphotoloaderapp_MyApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_myphotoloaderapp_MyApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/databinding/BottomSheetLoadingBinding.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.databinding.BottomSheetLoadingBinding
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/UI/gallery/Hilt_GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.UI.gallery.Hilt_GalleryFragment
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/UI/gallery/GalleryFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.UI.gallery.GalleryFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/myphotoloaderapp/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.myphotoloaderapp.Hilt_MainActivity
